Richelle Direny: Are starting with Lynn, because that's some foolery. Right.
Richelle Direny: Good morning.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Sorry.
I'm multitasking.
Alyse: Today,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm working from home.
Alyse: Oh yeah, I was gonna say, what do you like at home all the time. Yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Nice. They're getting so big. Oh, these
Alyse: I'm so over them. This one's a screamer she has a thing where she just does this high pitch scream like if you're not in front of her face, talking to her.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Elise, you know you stood me up two weeks ago.
Day.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Alyse: I'm sorry, I thought we hold on. Are we every that I plan to make that I like make another appointment with you instead of the month.
Richelle Direny: We were, I think we were going to do like once a month. And you're like, No, every two weeks.
Alyse: So we're supposed
Alyse: Two weeks ago. Yeah. Because when when Dr. James and asked me, I was like, well, we switch it to every month on my son, but I'm pretty sure I see her this week. That's when she messaged you
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I said, well, she said I we had an A, because I knew we have switched it to every month. And you're like, No, every two weeks.
And I said, Okay.
Alyse: Well,
Richelle Direny: So when you didn't show. I was like, Okay, you know what, whatever.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Richelle Direny: Something's going on because I'm like that's not like you to not send me a message and say, hey, can we switch it
Alyse: Yeah, no, no, um, and that number you're texting from is that your is that your number, your. Did you get a new number. Yeah, yeah.
Alyse: Yeah, but you know either one.
Richelle Direny: You can send me a message on either one.
Alyse: Okay, I was like, oh, I didn't know how it should be like not such yellow one or not. I was like, look, we're gonna we're gonna punch.
Alyse: You're trying to get to each other.
Alyse: This one, one, a
Alyse: blanket over. Hello. No, I
Richelle Direny: Oh, she's a happy one
Alyse: Yeah, they're gonna sit there and scratch each other and try to eat each other for a minute.
Alyse: And then I'll walk out the room and somebody will be screaming because there'll be at the footer themselves over to their stomach.
Alyse: Like roll around the house now like they can roll.
Richelle Direny: So what's going on at least
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yeah, I heard you. You're moving what's going on.
Alyse: Yeah, we don't you
Alyse: Don't you know the normal, but no, I'm on Suboxone that's what the problem is. That's
All
Alyse: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so how their babies.
Alyse: Bother me five months on the 14
Richelle Direny: Okay, so five months ago, we know we've been on Suboxone
Richelle Direny: So what's now what's the new development.
Alyse: I mean, it has always been an ongoing thing. It just gets shoved under the rug, a little bit. She saw you know peace and and be like, Yeah, I'm going to get all them soon.
Alyse: I'm just like, to me, it's like, Why should I have to put myself an unstable situation and an unstable situation to make you happy. I rather not. So, therefore,
Alyse: I'm just fine. Like, this is what I think. No, I don't plan on being on them. The rest of my life. But if I happen to be
Alyse: With you just texted me. He just text me
Alyse: Do you have everything ready for tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: When he was happening tomorrow, your
Alyse: Timer. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What do you mean, if you haven't been
Alyse: Ready for all my shit around here, like all my stuff. He knows I don't have all my stuff packed up yet.
Richelle Direny: So I don't understand. So you guys came to a mutual agreement for you to move. I
Alyse: Know you just don't want me to fuck here. I mean, oh sorry, you just don't want to hear anymore. And because
Richelle Direny: He wants you to move out.
Alyse: Yeah, he wants, he gone. He's already talking started talking to somebody else for shell. Like, that's where it's like the disgusting partly that's why I won't even mess with them no more.
Alyse: Like saying
Alyse: Like you cross the line like there's no more.
Richelle Direny: So he's helping you about is that what's going on.
Alyse: I mean, you know, for him. It's helped move out as, Oh, I'll get you an apartment, but then yet. You'll be my in house babysitter. When I want to drop my kids off, but I want to go, you know, screw somebody
Richelle Direny: within the boundaries, you have to set boundaries.
Alyse: With all my boundary is I don't want shift from me.
Alyse: Like what I wanted was this nice little life you know and like, and now, not only do my daughter's get their power taken away from them. But now, not, not that i don't i
Alyse: Don't mind working, but I've been with these girls are day for four months, you don't. I mean, like, you like I'm panicking. My brain that I'm not going to be able to be with them all time now.
Richelle Direny: What do you mean be with who my
Alyse: Girls, you know, like
Alyse: We're leaving.
Richelle Direny: You're leaving him with them. I mean, you're leaving them with him.
Alyse: No, no, no, I'm just gonna have to start working, which I that's not the problem. I don't care about working. I just care about not being able to be around my daughter's all time now.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're saying that you're gonna once you start working. You're going to have to put them in daycare and just kind of that life now.
Alyse: And it's just like
Richelle Direny: So it's just the three of you just the four of you moving out.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: So how is Xavier dealing with that.
Alyse: He doesn't seem to really care too much ELYSEE doesn't act like he does, he probably knows
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like a norm for him.
Alyse: It's
Richelle Direny: So you're probably going to have a little bit more acting out a little bit more challenges where that's concerned.
Alyse: Yeah, I'm sure.
Alyse: But
Richelle Direny: I want to go through the sequence of events because my thing is from the from our from the history. This happened prior to you having the girls.
Richelle Direny: When you were pregnant and you had to move back in with your mom and then you move back in. Shortly after, because it wasn't very long that you were out and he moved you back in. So I mean it's not
Richelle Direny: Run out running run out running so
Alyse: Yeah, yeah. And my problem is, he started talking somebody like to me like I can do what you're going out to the bars anything or cheater like he's like you always accuse me. I said the I'm gonna accuse you of shit when you
Alyse: Get drunk and leave and go to a bar and look at women because that's what you say you do like why would I not accuse you of things like this. Like, don't tell, I gotta go. Squirrel, it's not
Richelle Direny: It's not an acute. It's not an accusation. If it's a fact accusation is meaning that
Richelle Direny: You believe that this is what's happening. You think that this is what's happening.
Richelle Direny: If it's actually happening. It's no longer an accusation. It is
Richelle Direny: A reality or facts, if that's what
Alyse: For him for him. It's an accusation because he doesn't do it but i mean you are giving me the proof to say that this is what you're doing. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Um, I don't know, like
Alyse: What is it, it's been
Alyse: Like so. Over the weekend, I finally I finally got out of him. Friday. He didn't know that his Google like maps was still connected. So the computer. So I jumped on there and he was at a place where his ex girlfriend used to work.
Alyse: So when I messaged him about it. He's like, Oh no, the guy that works for me moved over here. I came to bring him his check
Alyse: I'm like, okay, like the way it rolled off his tongue Rochelle was so flawlessly. And then the dude showed up at the house Saturday morning for his check
Alyse: So then I finally got it out of him that day is, again, I'm talking to somebody, knowing my have a mess around with her, blah, blah, blah. I'm just talking to her.
Alyse: So that's fine. I will leave on my terms when I want to leave because I'm not rushing for anybody. Especially not that, you know, the fact that I really have nowhere to go. I mean,
Alyse: I'm not going to. I'm just not going to go stay at my mom's house. It's just not. It's not a no. I'm not staying at my mother's house.
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: Is it because it's because of
Richelle Direny: What does she live on housing or something.
Alyse: No, no. Just she rents and they'll raise her rent and it's small already and they're all miserable as people over there anyways. So why do I want to put I'm miserable self and even more misery, like I normally do.
Richelle Direny: So what about you remember when you were saying over there and we have this long conversation because you had what was it something like something like a healthy mothers or something that case worker that was supposed to meet with you.
Richelle Direny: And I have
Alyse: Said to you I don't you bring up the
Richelle Direny: Conversation with her about trying to help you get your own place.
Yeah.
Alyse: Yeah, yeah. So you know all that all that stuff goes out the window and I knew back end because, don't you know i think i'm something special and I'll be around here forever.
Alyse: So, I mean, I talked to her yesterday. Like there's there's nothing they anybody's really going to do for me unless I go to a shelter and I'm not, please, please.
Alyse: Like if I had to, if that was my last my absolute last place to go. And we were living under a bridge. I wouldn't go to a shelter. I mean, I don't know how shelters are in
Alyse: Florida, the ones up here, not so great. I mean, I'm sure they're not so great in general but like they're just really nice and environment. I'd my myself in or my girls with being in recovery.
Alyse: With being it's just like, it's like prison but you're allowed to walk in and out, you don't. I mean, that's what they're like around here.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: And I hate saying that because I sound like I'm some like
Alyse: Better than person. And that's not, it's just like, I'm not going to have my shift. So I walked into a shelter with the stuff I have. And they looked at me like all fresh me like, you know what I mean that they're just roofless around here. That's just the truth so
Alyse: Um,
Alyse: Yeah, basically like only way to get like housing as it started through like going through a shelter, you'd have to get like a homeless letter. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Froze
Richelle Direny: Yeah, hello.
Richelle Direny: Ya know it kicked me off the internet, just, I don't know what happened.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It keeps me off the internet only on
Richelle Direny: But everything else.
Richelle Direny: Sorry about that.
Alyse: Yeah, it's okay because when you would if I would have known to kick you off. He called me, I just realized he he asked me if I have everything ready for the bank tomorrow.
Alyse: Because so they're doing the stimulus package you know where whatever and, like, make sure you have everything ready for the bank, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So
Richelle Direny: So this is what, this is what i and i because I want you to
Alyse: Not
Richelle Direny: Be, how can I put it
Richelle Direny: Because we've been meeting for a while now and being fully aware
Alyse: Of everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: You have to put yourself in a position that you're not running in and out, because it's not just you by yourself. You're running in and out with now three kids before it was just with your son.
Richelle Direny: And that's not it's of course it's not good for the kids, but for you emotionally and mentally and everything else it's not healthy. It really isn't healthy. So at some point if you decide this time that you're walking out and you're moving out that
Richelle Direny: You're not a month later running back in
Alyse: Yeah, and and that's my problem. Like, I don't want to leave I it wasn't my choice to be like, oh, here, let's blow up this big ass fight and do all this stuff and
Alyse: All and whatever, like I'm that wasn't my plan. Now this is his and then when he wants to play his mental games again.
Alyse: And then
Richelle Direny: Fall in that trap.
Richelle Direny: Because what did they say the best predictor of the future is past occurrences or situations or whatever. So you have to stand on your, you have to stand your ground and say what you are
Richelle Direny: And what's acceptable and what's don't know there are certain things that we have no control over. And I'm not saying to work hard to gain control over.
Richelle Direny: What you have what you Elise have control over is what you will accept and what you won't. And that's what you have complete and total control over because this is what I can see happening which which based on our time together, what has happened in the past, is that
Richelle Direny: You are tired of the games. The, the, the, the infidelity.
Richelle Direny: And you know, when he is in a place where emotionally. He's unstable and whether he's out drinking or having fun or doing him.
Richelle Direny: Your home dealing with not just your biological children, but all the children together when you're home tending to the home and doing everything and kind of keeping this whole life up and then
Richelle Direny: You have this whole blown out argument then you walk out. Then he realizes oh I can't function.
Richelle Direny: I can't function without her. I need her back then he comes up and he says, What was me. This is how I was feeling this is what was going on and the tears start coming and the melodrama comes and then it melt your heart. Then you school back up everything and you come back home.
Richelle Direny: Then it all happens again and then you scoop up everything and you leave.
Richelle Direny: You have to come to a place and you both have to be clear. If you whatever time you decide to walk out.
Richelle Direny: You're deciding, we're going to co parent, but I'm not going to come back. Once you decide
That
Richelle Direny: I don't want anybody else but you and then you're saying come back in.
Richelle Direny: Because really, why you're seeing come back in, is because you realize this is too much for me to handle by myself.
Alyse: I really look back in my life.
Richelle Direny: Because this is what happened the last time.
Alyse: Yeah. And now, but my problem is like I walk out like I really feel like no matter how rough it gets. If I walk out that door tomorrow, Saturday, Sunday, I won't walk back in because now
Alyse: Now you've made it about these two, you don't mean like meaning favorable deal, unfortunately, that's what I like, I don't mean to say like that way about a savior, but
Alyse: You don't really care about heroes all like that. Anyway, so whatever
Alyse: But it's
Richelle Direny: But, but that's exactly what I'm saying if you decide to take your time, get a job, save up enough money to move out.
Richelle Direny: At least for now.
Richelle Direny: There is no coming back because this whole back and forth back
Richelle Direny: And forth
Alyse: You have to start
Richelle Direny: Thinking about you, Elise and what makes the least happy.
Alyse: Were shot. He's calling me
Alyse: Can you hear me. Hold on, hold on.
Alyse: Sorry.
Alyse: Yeah.
Alyse: That's, you know, when I don't call him right obviously because I'm busy doing something, but that doesn't matter. He's only worried about money.
Alyse: Stimulus package, who cares about your stimulus package you're going to get. Oh damn money. Please be a crook. Sorry.
Alyse: Well, this is like
Alyse: You know, if you biotech is with a bit
Alyse: This was not something to do with some type of business or something, I don't know. It's stupid. He's having me do. Should I know nothing about that I
Alyse: I don't know, but
Alyse: I
Alyse: See, now we get to this point where I'm like this horrible person and feel like
Alyse: My children are never going to be around any horror that he brings around. So I just, you know, like
Alyse: There's just so much drama in my life right now because I'm just one of those people like I'm be damned if my child like your kids had no choice, because you can't be a dad and mom.
Alyse: Or you can't be a much of anything and their moms, you know, a piece of crap. So, whatever, but I'm not a piece of shit and my girls are not going to be around some random Harold horror for the week.
Alyse: Like it's just this is just where it starts to get the ugly like this. Is it just that ugly point it is what it is. I won't accept it from him because you're not going to use it over me, or tell me what I can do this or that.
Alyse: Dude, here this thing she's a mess.
Alyse: And it just sucks like whatever, whatever. I mean, I say I'm moving on tomorrow, but in all reality. I really don't want to move out until I'm able to get a job because I'm not going to get stuck in this predicament, nor are you going to give me any money and
Alyse: Whatever. And this is just
Richelle Direny: So if you
Richelle Direny: Let's say if you get a job tomorrow. Let's just, for argument's sake, you get a job tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Where the girl is going to be
Alyse: Probably with my mother. Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Because before you make a move, you need to make you need to plan.
Richelle Direny: And that's what that's what, that's where
Richelle Direny: I would like to have our conversation move forward to what is your plan and it has to be a solid effective functional authentic plan.
Richelle Direny: That, you know, so even if it means if he's not saying you have to leave right now. Technically, I mean, you can't. What are you going to put me out with the children.
Richelle Direny: On the side of the road. And if that's not what's happening if it means that, okay, well we're cohabitation for now until you can
Richelle Direny: First, find work because you need income to be able to maintain if it means that you need assistance with that you call up your caseworker and you let her know this is kind of where I am, this is what's going on. This is where I am. Is there any assistance.
Richelle Direny: Within the county that you live in where you live. Is there assistance and can you apply for housing, whatever it is that they have there in that part of Ohio that you're living in and they provide you with that assistance.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: To find how to get housing. So if it's going to take you, let's say,
Richelle Direny: A month you're making him aware that okay you know it's going to take a month. So you're going to cohabitate there.
Richelle Direny: At least you know that's being worked on, you're actively looking for a job. The conversation is your mom is going is helping us going to assist you with the children in terms of childcare until you can afford or get some type of financial assistance for them to be in daycare.
Richelle Direny: You know you're having. If you're having a plan.
Richelle Direny: Do you have your own people.
Richelle Direny: To get back and force them to
Richelle Direny: go wherever you need to know.
Richelle Direny: So you have to have a plan. Because what you're working on is to be independent, that's ultimately what you're doing is working on some independence. Now whether or not you decide, both of you decide to reconcile and work on the relationship you still need to learn independence.
Alyse: Yeah, and that's my problem.
Richelle Direny: Because you're constantly completely dependent upon him.
Alyse: Yeah, and he loves it. He loves every bit of it. It's like a game.
Alyse: I mean, I started school on seven foot school has nothing to do with anything like that's really not going to give me
Richelle Direny: everything to do with it. It's a part of the plan. It's a part of the bigger picture.
Alyse: Premium plans. We don't work out. I don't know how I don't plan. Very well. Never have.
Obviously,
Alyse: I mean, I know this is things I need but it's like I'm not going to sit in the House, while you go out
Alyse: And hor in party and drink. Well, I'm stuck here in the same house that I've been in for months and months and months.
Alyse: If, then, you think I'm a watch your kids to
Alyse: This is why, you know what I mean all weekend I said here by myself.
Alyse: While he was out of a hotel parties, while he was out drinking while he was out screw and whoever, it's just like
Alyse: There's only so much I can mentally take before I blow and I blow that I broke the window. Not on purpose because I want to purposely broke it, because I knew I wouldn't hurt my thoughts.
Richelle Direny: Because the question is what is your, your focus
Alyse: My focus is anger. I don't know. I'm just straight angry. I'm just angry. I'm
Richelle Direny: Okay, so when you're angry. What does that do for you.
Alyse: Where does that mean by going to rage.
Richelle Direny: How productive. Are you when you're angry.
Alyse: Oh, so does not matter. Exactly. So
Richelle Direny: Again, I asked the question.
Richelle Direny: What is your real goal.
Alyse: With a real. I mean, I really need like like
Alyse: There is no okay this is always going to be a thing, it's always going to be this is going to happen. It'll be bad for a while. Get good
Alyse: It'll do that or we go our separate ways. You know what I mean. So instead of keep on playing a head game I really just need to, like you said, make a plan, try to figure out how to get a job right now, even though nobody other than really Walmart's how your a
Richelle Direny: Game they pay money.
Alyse: I'm not saying that I'm not
Richelle Direny: Gonna know I know none. And I know
Richelle Direny: When I it's because
Richelle Direny: I hear you speak. You saying
Alyse: It was negative. And I'm like, in that name, it's not
Richelle Direny: Even so much negative you're convincing yourself you're trying to convince yourself.
Alyse: Of what it is that you need to
Richelle Direny: Do, but I would like you to to get to that place where you focus on Elise and what is best for Elise is ultimately going to be best for your children as well.
Richelle Direny: So if what's best for Elise is to learn to be independence is to learn to pretty much be independent of any everyone around you. I'm not saying that you're not gonna, you're not going to need Harrell. You're not going to need your mom and dad.
Richelle Direny: You're not going to need your sister.
Alyse: Your sister everyone
Richelle Direny: But Elise has to learn
Alyse: I know and that's the thing. Like, I don't, I don't know if I've ever really been independent like I've always had somebody there to have Kellen honor depend on
Alyse: For a long time, a long time so it's like I guess maybe that first step towards it real independence is what's scary because I don't know how to
Alyse: I don't
Alyse: I don't know how to do it on my own. I never have me doing it on my own led me to getting high. I feel like, like if I think about it in real life.
Alyse: Like, that's where it takes me like just that the failure. The whole everything and boom right back where I was.
Richelle Direny: So is that your truth. Are you afraid of
Alyse: Yeah, I'm afraid that's my
Alyse: That's my heart that I
Alyse: Can't do
Richelle Direny: Anything until you first come to accept that.
Richelle Direny: You're afraid. It's like, I'm afraid. Yeah, you are we afraid of, I'm afraid of snakes.
Alyse: Florida.
Alyse: Girl by
Richelle Direny: I know I listen, I don't like a gwan is and I got like 100 of them out my back door know
Alyse: We have to take a trip out your back door. One day because I need to play.
Richelle Direny: I will, I will take you on a trip out the back door so you can see
Richelle Direny: These little baby alligator monkey on
Richelle Direny: Baby alligators. Okay.
Alyse: So she has a little
Richelle Direny: ridges of things that Sam.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yes. Yeah.
Alyse: You know, growing up. One of my good friends. They had one, and he would sit on the back of the couch, literally, like his body, it would be from like here to here and then the rest of this was his whole tail.
Alyse: And he would know if you were coming by, we feed them dog food like Bill jack treats if he would
Alyse: With you and that sound of that tail in the air. Oh my gosh, and try and tell you
Richelle Direny: But see, I've accepted and I've acknowledged, so I know like at a time like now I'm not trying to go outside.
Richelle Direny: I know I know when I could do things and I can. I'm in control of it. You see, I'm trying to tell you so.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you have to acknowledge because
Richelle Direny: behind everything of you saying, or I'm not taking care of kids, and I'm not doing that if he thinks that he wants to go do this and this and that.
Richelle Direny: All of that is your fear of having to live, independent of him that's taking the best of you. And when we're fearful in life we make unwise decision. It's kind of like right now we're we're fearful of what this coronavirus can, if we can catch it and what
Richelle Direny: And so because we're so
Richelle Direny: Fearful we do unwise things you go buy 100 bucks of toilet paper is now you know good well you'll need that much.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you go about
Richelle Direny: Artist alcohol that is called hand sanitizer. What you need so much alcohol for
Richelle Direny: What you're going to
Alyse: Soap and water.
Richelle Direny: You got it in your house.
Alyse: free flowing water and soap.
Richelle Direny: Soap only cost about $2 use it you soon as that but because of our fear we run and we buy we go and we get all these things because we're so fearful, we don't realize that we're weakening our immune system simply because of the mental anguish, we put ourselves in.
Alyse: Do you understand that that is what
Alyse: I've been saying for two days now like I'm going to end up in the hospital like half dead with Corona because it'll be me that does it. It'll be me all me right about now because of how stress. I am like, mentally, emotionally, like drained everything like sore throat last night, girl.
Alyse: scare the hell out of me.
Richelle Direny: So then you have this little tickle in your throne, then you're like, Oh, that's wonderful.
Richelle Direny: That's a sign.
Richelle Direny: Now all of a sudden you don't got all the signs and you go to the doctor and the doctor said girl back. You don't got nothing. I'm telling I'm at night. I'm like 100 degrees. What is your AC on
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, I don't let it go past 90 I mean come on now, or you just took a hot shower. Do you think that's maybe the reason why your skin is hot.
Richelle Direny: Like I remember because I told you.
Richelle Direny: I had a second job. This was the funniest thing they were testing people, but because the, the nurses and everybody who was testing or the staff that was testing the people because that was one of the things you had to do was, you take their temperature
Richelle Direny: They're like, Oh, there's a scan and I'm like, So, me being silly. I was like, What you mean a scare. Oh, somebody came in here and their temperature was high on knowingly I just just said, Why did you take his temperature when he just came out as a hot boiling, son. Well, yeah.
Alyse: A
Alyse: Look series. Yeah, I know what you mean. But it's like
Richelle Direny: Somebody temperature
Richelle Direny: Their temperature is over 100 and something degrees.
Richelle Direny: They just walked out of the hot boiling some because they were running around. So, because of this because of fear. We do things that are not wise. And that is the reality of what's going on with you because you fear what life is going to be like under the covering in which you are in
Richelle Direny: She's calling you again.
Alyse: No, no, no, no. The baby flipped over.
Alyse: Look at it. Okay, because
Richelle Direny: You're so fearful because of the covering that you're you're under even though emotionally is depleting everything in you. You are so it's almost like you're able to function in the dysfunction.
Alyse: Yeah, you're okay with
Richelle Direny: The fear of now going
Richelle Direny: Out there and finding dealing with life alone.
Alyse: It's like, you don't want to have to face that
Richelle Direny: So then what do you do
Richelle Direny: You just focus on
Richelle Direny: All of the things that are causing you so much mental
Alyse: anguish and emotional
Alyse: Yeah, I got it right, yet again, Rochelle.
Alyse: So thanks for, let me know. I live in acting the way I've been asking
Alyse: Because like even my moms like even though I was like a leaf like. Give it a break like no sooner. He says something like
Alyse: And my moms like, dude, you're 13 years old, like, shut up and sit down or like you need to figure out what you're going to do like my debts, it just 22
Alyse: I knew that's what it was. But no, I don't want to admit to it. I'm sure you know what I mean like I had gone through this road before and it was hard enough by myself.
Alyse: With Xavier. Now I have two little babies. So what the hell do you think I expect like I don't know what to expect. I don't want to expect anything I want to sit my ass where I am and live my life but I'm some awful horrible person because I'm on Suboxone
Richelle Direny: It's not about this, so it's
Richelle Direny: For him, it's not even so much about the Suboxone
Alyse: It's okay. He doesn't have control.
Richelle Direny: But it's a clutch at the end of the day it's a clutch. It's
Richelle Direny: Because remember, in the past, we've talked about, if I'm abusing
Alcohol.
Richelle Direny: I don't want to admit it. I don't want to deal with the fact that I've used
Alyse: Alcohol and I'm depending on
Alyse: Alcohol to get me through
Richelle Direny: My stressors. So guess what
Richelle Direny: At least you over here taking
Alyse: Suboxone
Richelle Direny: Let's focus on that. Let's talk about that. Because guess what if I point a finger. All I'm looking at is the fingers, the finger that's been pointed at you. I'm not paying attention. There's three
Alyse: pointing back at me.
Alyse: A
Alyse: Bad because that was like me that my whole pregnancy like bitching about his drinking
Richelle Direny: But then
Richelle Direny: Now you faced your truth which is now he's fully aware of it. So now he's reversing it but when it's all said and done, it's not so much about the Suboxone. It's a way for him to justify his unhealthy.
Alyse: Action in the things that he's doing.
Alyse: I'm gonna have to use that on him.
Richelle Direny: It's not a matter of using it on him. You need to build your own character, you need to build
Richelle Direny: You need to start your journey.
Richelle Direny: And that journey.
Alyse: Is
Richelle Direny: What is, what is it that at least once.
Richelle Direny: What is happiness for at least what is happiness for at least what does
Alyse: He know and that's that's the thing, like I've lot like yet again and like I've lost myself through this all i don't know what makes me happy. I don't know what
Alyse: I mean literally just to be able to do what I want to do when I want to do it. Like that's as simple as it takes like if I want to go see my cousin on 117 I will
Alyse: Because prior to this, or knows if I go walk through my guardian cards or her house. It's some big deal or the people I hang around like you know i mean
Alyse: If you really understood what was what my life was like in this House, you'd understand why I like trip, the way I do about certain things.
Alyse: It's just I don't want somebody to tell me when and like if I want to go jump off the top. I was. That's what I want to do. I don't want somebody to tell me
Richelle Direny: Giving them the power stop giving them the power
Even if
Alyse: I give them the power because I'm always dependent
Alyse: Because I haven't really goes back my fear.
Richelle Direny: It goes back to your fear and anxiety of what life is like. So here it is. I um, I found this little quote. Hold on a second. This little
Richelle Direny: Poll about strength about you're a warrior and you Elise, my friend, or a warrior.
Alyse: Thank you, my friend, Rochelle.
Alyse: Hold on.
Alyse: Am I gonna have to write this down and you get our message attorney.
Richelle Direny: You know, I found it on Pinterest actually and I
Alyse: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I don't know how you can
Alyse: Message people from Pinterest. You have to save it to your phone like save image like sometimes you can
Alyse: There's those little those three little buttons that will come
Richelle Direny: Up. Oh, OK, I see it. I see.
Richelle Direny: Well, but when it says Save it saving it to a board.
Alyse: Okay, hold on.
Alyse: I was gonna say
Richelle Direny: Okay, I think I can't find it. I found how to do it. Okay.
Alyse: See smart woman, you're
Richelle Direny: All right, I'm sending it
Richelle Direny: Like sharing it with you. I just shared it with you. Basically it says, remind yourself of what you have been able to overcome all the times you felt like you weren't eight you weren't going to make it through you proved yourself wrong you're more powerful than you think.
Richelle Direny: The title of it is warrior.
Alyse: Um,
Alyse: I like that.
Alyse: And I try to think that way. I really do. But it's like
Alyse: If I
Richelle Direny: Remember we talked about in the past. The other problem of everything is that you battle with and I think it's taking you a live a long time to come to terms with it. It seems like of all of your relationship. This is the most
Richelle Direny: Successful, I guess you have been or the longest and somewhat stable relationship that you've been in
I think you're frozen.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: You are frozen for a while.
Alyse: You were frozen for a while.
Alyse: And I'm like, I'm like, yeah, that's a fun way to leave it out of all of your relationships. This is the most. And I'm like, thankful our show.
So now.
Richelle Direny: I'm like she is just sitting there children like she boy she listening real well.
Both frozen.
Richelle Direny: Know I was saying this is it seems like it's the most stability that you've had in a relationship. And so because of that you want to hang on to it.
Richelle Direny: And you know that it's at this point it's very unhealthy for both you and him, but because if the stable is that you've been disabled as relationship that you've been in in many ways.
Richelle Direny: You're holding on to hope that things are going to be better and that's not a bad thing. That's not a bad thing, but how much of yourself. Are you going to lose in the process.
Richelle Direny: I think you're frozen again.
Richelle Direny: It was I frozen.
Alyse: Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Good.
Deal.
Alyse: Well, I just see you like you'll you just, there's no sound at all. It's on that looking, you're just stuck in this position.
Alyse: Well well lost their game.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Yeah, no, I was saying, you know, because it's the stability that you've had, um, the question is how much more of yourself. Are you going to lose in just the idea of what you think is a good thing.
Alyse: Yeah. Actually, you say it that way. It's like, damn, I've lost like a lot of myself. I probably don't have much more to lose. Seriously, if you look in that aspect.
Alyse: Because, I mean, I probably wouldn't run off as away from her actual good relationship like someone who really treated me right because I wouldn't know how to Hell of a handle it.
Richelle Direny: Look, you have two girls and as much as the other girls his daughter.
Richelle Direny: I think it's only one daughter, he has right to
Richelle Direny: That lives with you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, even though they're not your biological daughter daughters. Think about it.
Richelle Direny: You being in such mental and emotional anguish and physical anguish, all the time.
Richelle Direny: And you both are going at it with each other. You are telling all of these girls, even though your, your, your daughters now or or infants. What you're basically telling them it's okay to stay in a relationship as long as there are some stability.
Richelle Direny: Even if you're unhappy.
Richelle Direny: Even if you're losing a piece of yourself every day. It's okay to be in it as long as he is paying the bills.
Alyse: Even even
Richelle Direny: If you're being you feel like you're being YOU'RE DRAGGED IN THE DIRT you're being disrespected all the time as a woman, we just have to put up with it and it's okay.
Alyse: No, no, no.
Alyse: Got make sure I tell i vocally tell them, even though my show them differently. I know, I know.
Richelle Direny: And I can tell you I love you, but if I do otherwise do you really feel loved.
Yeah.
Alyse: Yeah, and that's
Richelle Direny: Knowing me it's about showing me. Yeah.
Alyse: And I think that's where I'm
Alyse: Like, that's what I've said in the past like the past couple days. I don't know if I've ever seen this before, but like in a house full of people I've never felt so alone, yet again, like, and
Alyse: I think it's guns that place like I need to venture like I need to figure out what's best for me.
Alyse: And it's like that I have like these two little lines that I'm responsible for not not sucks, but it makes it harder but makes it more
Alyse: Like makes it like reach out don't know how to say like reachable like like it makes him want to like work for more to try to know what that's like.
Richelle Direny: But you have to come face to face and admit what your fear so I'm fearful of being independent now.
Richelle Direny: That you're learning to
Richelle Direny: To admit those words that I'm fearful. Now we're going to break apart, fear, what exactly are you fearful of
Alyse: Failing on fee if you recall, feeling like I'm fearful of like it becoming too much. I need being that person I was a few short years ago you know i mean like
Alyse: I mean, I, I feel like I've been through some shifts and events over. So if I can be through this shifts over then like none of the shifts to make me want to run back out and get hot.
Alyse: Like, I'm not saying that I'm not capable and going back out and doing that stuff, but it's like I think about like where I wasn't a few years ago. And I'm like, I don't get it. I understand.
Alyse: doing those things.
Alyse: Like oh, did I ever get to that place, you don't. I mean, like,
Richelle Direny: Because you because of the fear of wanting to do feel the emotions of it, go through it and it's okay because guess what the least we all are capable
Richelle Direny: Of backsliding we all are capable of doing it. And as long as we know that we are capable of it. Now I say, Okay, I know that I'm capable. So this is what I'm going to do. I'm not going to put myself into. I'm going to try my best not to put myself in situations that contempt me
Richelle Direny: If alcohol is your issue. Are you gonna go chill out at a bar. No.
Alyse: No.
Richelle Direny: Dude, I'm trying to tell you
Alyse: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: If you know I'm a really, I really overwhelmed and this is going on. And I just can't see my way through it. Are you going to reach for your support system. Are you gonna say let me sit down and let me try to deal with it myself feet.
Alyse: In it says, maintaining it. And now I don't know where I'm going with this so much. But stop touching your game face girl. Sorry. Listen.
Alyse: I know by no teaching
Alyse: It's, I know it's allergy time. That's the problem.
Richelle Direny: So listen, there's this mean that says
Richelle Direny: I've done so much crap.
Richelle Direny: In my life that if I die because I touch my face I'm gonna be pissed.
Alyse: I feel it. I'm like, you know, I like I backed out of like that whole
Alyse: When I was in the treatment. I wish you know like living there. And all like, I remember like like I have a lot of them leaves on my Facebook and like the foundation that they have with each other that like
Alyse: Like I I sold I've sold myself short so many times in life, who don't dominate their that one. Like, I really do. I saw my my myself short nine times out of 10 either because I'm fearful of something or because
Alyse: I care too much about others, like I put myself like short string you know i mean for other people or stuff like that. Like, and
Alyse: I don't know. I don't know. Where are we going, because my brains just everywhere, but it's like you
Richelle Direny: Identify like you're trying to pick apart and understand all of the different fears that you have and what how you have allowed yourself because of your fear you you run away from different opportunities.
Richelle Direny: Because you're saying that you short sell yourself from now when you say that the community group of women on your Facebook page. Like, what about it.
Richelle Direny: resonates with you.
Alyse: Get their strength. Like, they're like, like you always like, to me it's like you always know that like you'll have somebody to catch you like you always have some support, like you don't. I mean, and I don't. I think that's where
Alyse: Even if it's kind words. Even if it's a hey you're going to do good like Tim, then that means like a lot to me. You know what I mean. And I
Richelle Direny: I don't think that and I think our minds, create these things.
Alyse: And create these
Richelle Direny: These things to say, Oh, she knows that she got no it's not that she knows it. It's that those community of women constantly reminds that each other.
Alyse: They remind each other that it's okay.
Richelle Direny: It's okay to feel the way you're feeling
Richelle Direny: What are we going to do now.
Richelle Direny: Are you going to allow those emotions to bring you down and tear you down and make to take 10 steps back is that they're telling their reminding each other but you the onlooker you think, Oh, she got her crap together. No, it is that because they all have
Richelle Direny: Taken that accountability to say, you know what I'm going to check in on a lead, because I know that maybe she's struggling right now, or I'm going to check in on
Richelle Direny: This person you understand your because you know what your struggles are you're going to keep it in the forefront of your mind and you're going to always be mindful of it, you're always going to be mindful of it.
Alyse: It's
Richelle Direny: Not that they really have. It's not that they don't, they're not fearful every day that they may slip back into this life of addiction. It's that they make it
Richelle Direny: Where they keep it in the forefront of their mind of all the different triggers. What are the different triggers and admitting ABC and D are triggers. So I'm going to
Richelle Direny: Make an active decision not to allow myself to be in certain positions.
Richelle Direny: I'm not going to allow myself to get into certain arguments and discussions. That's going to give
Richelle Direny: Me that's going to make me feel overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: I'm just not going to do that.
Richelle Direny: Don't overthink it. Elise and I think maybe that's what makes you overwhelmed you overthink everything
Alyse: Oh, yeah. And I'm always completely negative is it does that say walk by faith.
Alyse: Yeah, find you. I have this thing with the word thing. That's funny. That's my word. That would be my word case, it's like attached to me somewhere.
Alyse: Yeah, I'm just, I don't
Alyse: Like I
Alyse: Like
Alyse: You hear me.
Richelle Direny: Ya hear you.
Alyse: Talk to somebody called me like I'm
Alyse: I mean, I understand that.
Alyse: OK, so maybe then we just need to sit down and talk then because like we talked last night and he keeps on all everything's okay I'm here to help if you need me this and that but it's like how does one accept help or whatever. When you're kicking me out by
Richelle Direny: Thinking about him.
Richelle Direny: Before you sit and have a conversation with him.
Alyse: You first need to be sure
Alyse: Of yourself you need
Richelle Direny: For of the direction you're going in, you need to be confident
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Whatever decisions.
Richelle Direny: That you're going to make and what it is that you're going to be
Richelle Direny: Doing you
Richelle Direny: Admit
Richelle Direny: The struggles, you have to yourself.
Richelle Direny: You need to be aware of it, you need to
Alyse: Admit the struggles
Richelle Direny: That you have
Richelle Direny: So that when you and you have to end, you also remember we talked about
Alyse: Expectations as well. Oh yeah, my bad expectations.
Richelle Direny: And you so. And when you enter that conversation with him. You need to lower
Richelle Direny: Your expectations because you
Richelle Direny: Have no control.
Richelle Direny: In what direction he cares. The conversation or hoppy or how he responds to anything.
Richelle Direny: You only have control.
Richelle Direny: over you and how you respond
Richelle Direny: By reacting
Richelle Direny: And your reaction and everything else. So you need to just be sure of yourself and you need to know what it is that Elise is doing and what at least once. And what Elise goals are, who she is so precious. Hi.
Know where
Richelle Direny: She is the one that you said that will start screaming and she doesn't see you
Alyse: Know, that's the other one. She was just in there, don't offend. Anyways, though.
Richelle Direny: But yes, so you have to just before you get you get to that place of having that conversation because
Alyse: What
Richelle Direny: What I'm hearing you say is more so.
Richelle Direny: If he doesn't, if you enter a conversation with him and he doesn't speak in a way, or meet the expectations that you have in your mind.
Richelle Direny: Of wanting the relationship to work and
Alyse: And making a plan.
Alyse: iron out the issue.
Richelle Direny: That
It's just going to go south.
Alyse: Yeah, and automatically goes on, mostly with anything.
Alyse: And then just because I'm so fearful INSIDE. AND I'M SO ADRIAN five day if it's not what I want to hear. I go off the deep end.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I want you to answer this. I want them to ask this to the core of you and I want you to be not honest with me but honest with yourself.
Richelle Direny: At this point in time.
Richelle Direny: In everything that you've been through.
Richelle Direny: And you're going through
Richelle Direny: Do you still want the relationship to work.
Alyse: Yeah, yeah, they don't. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: If I know that you guys are supposedly engaged. Do you still want to enter a marriage with this individual.
No.
Alyse: But you still want relation
Alyse: To work. Yeah. Yeah, I know. It doesn't even sound right.
Alyse: No, no.
Richelle Direny: But you have to, you have to come to terms with that and because you said there's that part of you. How much when you what percent of you that still wants to make that relationship work and you have to be honest with yourself.
Alyse: Less than half of me.
Alyse: Because as much as I like in my head because as you're saying like, you're like, you're talking about this. And I'm like,
Alyse: Yeah, I want to work but oh he doesn't give me that much attention. And yeah, I wanted to work but well she doesn't do this. You know what I mean like I have all these things.
Richelle Direny: That you want it to work, even though he's not doing because you know what
Richelle Direny: What he's not doing and all his limitations will always be there, regardless if you are married or not married. That's just relationships. They have their highs and your lows sometimes for more lows than you do. Highs
Alyse: Or shall I would be with him for the rest of my life. Like I would choose not to ever be with anybody else she okay
Richelle Direny: That's, that's, that's the stop there. Elise, hold on, I want you to stop there. And this is the reason why I want you to stop there because every decision you make,
Richelle Direny: Every argument you engage in every thought you have every emotion you have it's defending that ultimate decision of wanting to be with him for the rest of your life.
Richelle Direny: And that's why it frustrates you and that's why it puts you in so much mental anguish and that's why you're so fearful you're fearful of losing this person that you want to devote your life to for the rest of your life.
Richelle Direny: And that's why every time he comes in. He has you try to have a conversation with him, you're trying to convey that message to him. I want to be with you for the rest of my life. Why can't you see that
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you're always speaking through that blow horn that blow horn that says, Harold. I want you and only you, no matter how much you're hurting me no matter how much I am in daily emotional pain mental pain.
Richelle Direny: I still want to be with you, even though you're treating me like crap. I want to be with you.
Richelle Direny: Your speak. That's the blow horn you're speaking through out of your mouth. You're saying I'm taking care of these kids, but in the core of you, you actually like taking care all them dog on six kids.
Alyse: The I thought I was going to make it to the session. I don't have any prior show
Alyse: But
Alyse: That's the probably the most honest, the most realest thing I've heard all week.
Alyse: And it's the truth because like in my head notes you know I'm saying, like, I'm not saying you're watching these kids inside I'm letting you know it's like I that's where I find my, you know, it's my purpose for the day.
Richelle Direny: Their school and the teacher call you and you drop airplane and you run over to that school
Alyse: Year deal with the situation. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's not a person who's saying that's not my kids unique called a daddy. No, that's a mother who is saying, I'm going to be there for my kid.
Richelle Direny: Even though this kid is looking at you, intellectually, you ain't my mama. Why are you saying all these things to me. Whatever looker go sit down somewhere. Let me go handle these teachers.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Is that an action.
Of a person
Richelle Direny: Who is not
Richelle Direny: In love with children that does not belong to her.
Alyse: Very
Richelle Direny: So you say these things to him. But the reality of it is
Alyse: You love everything that's
Richelle Direny: Around you and every conversation you engage in with this individual that you're saying
Richelle Direny: That you want to leave no
Alyse: You
Alyse: Don't want to
Richelle Direny: Because
Alyse: You want this relationship to work.
Alyse: Yeah yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: About the only thing in the all time we've met. About the only thing that you're short of Elise, is that you're not willing to give up.
Richelle Direny: The meta the Suboxone and our time together because you feel like that's the only thing that you have control over. And that's keeping you stable and it's getting used to everything that you're going through. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So the same way, you're sure about that is how you need to start being sure about everything else in your life to regain control and respect.
Alyse: Yeah, because, like, like I said, why would I. Why would I take something away from me that keeps me
Alyse: Present for the moment. You know what I mean, like, I'm not saying the thing is like some miracle drug and whatever. It's not I'm saying it's
Alyse: It works for me. Okay. For right now, I'm not that person. I once was out there. Okay. It works for me right now. So I take something that helps me and works for me and throw that all away.
Alyse: And put myself you know impossibly a situation that's not good for me in so many different ways.
Alyse: Because of what somebody else wants right now. You know, I mean, like, it's, I don't know. I
Richelle Direny: Can you have to justify it. You don't have to because as you said earlier. You're nothing going to stay on it for the rest of your life until you're at. You're just saying that I've been on drugs for whatever amount of years 1015 years
Richelle Direny: I've only been on Suboxone for what, a year or two. So,
Richelle Direny: I'm still I'm still in a very I'm still in the baby stages of my recovery. And so if it means that I have to maintain this being on this on.
Richelle Direny: To that place where now I can be independent of it because I've mastered the skills identified those things within me.
Richelle Direny: That put me in that place where I was putting needles in my arm. I was doing all these unhealthy habits, simply because I feared
Richelle Direny: Feeling I feared understanding why I was hurt I feared all that. Now I know why I am and know now I know how to get through these things.
Richelle Direny: Then at that point you I think you will get to that place where you say no or have a pencil box on and no longer have to rush, because I'm at that place where I have. I know.
Richelle Direny: I got the skill.
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Know maybe
Alyse: You know i i talk you up every, every damn session, we have on Tuesdays and they're like something. I'm like, well, let me tell you, you better get a counselor on her name happens to be, Rochelle.
Alyse: They're probably say, Terry. Listen to me. Oh my god, I'm like, Listen, if you guys ever fight over or she leaves. We're gonna have a serious issue you're having a walk out. They're gonna walk out for
Alyse: It just because you are so you are like you're so knowledgeable in your field.
Alyse: Particularly you've never been an addict or an alcoholic.
Alyse: Know, especially for somebody who hasn't been in the shoes that like because that was always such a big problem. It's a big problem for
Alyse: Myself, let alone a lot of people taking advice from somebody who's never been there that doesn't know. You know what I mean. But it's like you relate so well and your knowledge of
Alyse: Your knowledge of whatever this is works out very well. Sometimes you get me so dumbfounded. I don't know what to say.
Richelle Direny: I appreciate that. And I think a lot of it is just my passion in helping
Alyse: You understand you, and understand
Richelle Direny: All of the the walls that we all feel in life attic or not addict. We all feel those walls, you know, we all have relationship issues. We all have children issues.
Alyse: So, I get that.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's just, I just, I love that. I'm very passionate about helping people to understand, you know, everything their feelings, their emotions and just wanting to be better.
Alyse: It's just like so hard for me because like you said this whole feeling and I don't want to do this on my own anymore. You just have to get myself.
Alyse: I have to know what I really want you know what I mean, it's because I want it. You know, you know, I want to be here, more than anything, like, I really do. But then
Alyse: I don't know how to convey that to him. But even if I do it is what it is I'm just going to get here today and I'm going to talk to her a little bit and I don't know.
Alyse: The
Alyse: Time we don't feel like I'm going to be like in that like nasty ass face I have that in the past couple days. I feel like I'm definitely not there anymore.
Richelle Direny: You know you're not in for someone who wants to move out. You sure it really talking to, like, now like like the last time you pretty much hauled but um I the next time we meet, I want you to during that time before we meet again, I want you to
Richelle Direny: Write down, ask the question, title, what does Elise
Who
Alyse: This is all aspects.
Richelle Direny: Just, I want you to you're asking yourself, Elise. What do you want, you're going to identify your strengths and your weaknesses.
Richelle Direny: And put down all of the things that you've overcome all the trials you face and what have you done to overcome and I basically, I want you to journal about you, so you can read it because you
Richelle Direny: Question, your own abilities.
Richelle Direny: I think you're a very strong woman. I don't think you believe you're a strong woman.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And because he knows how much of a strong woman you are
Richelle Direny: He I don't think he wants you to recognize it for yourself. Because if you recognize it for yourself. You are going to be a force to reckon with
Richelle Direny: But if I feel like I've searched for that for so long.
Richelle Direny: You'll need to search for what is right there, you know,
Yeah.
Alyse: That this is gonna be a good thing for me to sit down and write this and then be able to go back and read it and I mean there's journaling stuff is time. Remember, we tried this long time ago and I was just like,
Alyse: Well, no, I got started school so I got to start writing. So I my little start journaling.
Richelle Direny: You
Alyse: Are you just, you have the ability
Richelle Direny: I think you just question it because
Alyse: There's so many distractions.
Alyse: In your life.
Richelle Direny: Is very hard for you. Stay focused on who Elise is and your capabilities and I think you will be a force to reckon with and I think that one day you will get to that place where you can help other women.
Richelle Direny: Who has been in your shoe. But, you first have to own it. I want you to start in even in another thing I want you to put fear.
Richelle Direny: I want you to break down fear.
As related to you.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Break it down, break down your fear because once you break it down. I think you will understand what has been all the things that has been you're stumbling block.
Alyse: All those things that have held me back then, like,
Alyse: That's a good one too. Because, like, I'm just thinking, you know what I mean, like my has already gone. And I'm like, oh, I could
Alyse: So yeah, this will be good. I'm excited about this action.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um, we will meet. Hold on, let me see.
Alyse: Now,
Richelle Direny: We meeting in two weeks, or we're meeting in a month.
Alyse: I was gonna say if you have anything for a week open. Can we switch it up because of everything going on. Do you have an availability.
Richelle Direny: today's Thursday, for I have availabilities on Fridays.
Alyse: On a run to be demanding.
Alyse: I mean, I'm cool for for Friday.
Richelle Direny: Friday at nine.
Alyse: That'll work for me. Just so we can touch base and I can you know
Alyse: Let you know what's going on. And therefore, you're not worrying about me and I'm not worried about you and your lizards and we're all that
Alyse: I'm telling you, it's not even a big of a deal then they're done damn things gear to you grow by looking out the window.
Richelle Direny: Listen, I, I'm gonna tell you this quick story. And then we're gonna we're gonna we're going to exit I some years ago I was working with this one little kid and
Richelle Direny: I walked into the house and I don't know what made him and his daddy think
Richelle Direny: They were so excited to show me this deck on dessert.
Richelle Direny: I don't know why they thought that was cool.
Richelle Direny: They both came out with the green la Muhammad is it, and I'm like, back it up. We are thinking of what
They were
Richelle Direny: showing it to me the whole family came out and they're showing it to me. I was like, cool, but you can
Now,
Alyse: Be gone, which is
Richelle Direny: Or I like I had another house where they had like a, what is it, what do they call them things a bearded dragon.
Alyse: Oh yeah, we had one, we have our area was her name was fed Betty.
Richelle Direny: They had it in a in a in a little tank.
Alyse: And and they either Trump there.
Richelle Direny: Then, then we have to sit right next to it. And the whole time I'm talking to them. I'm they're looking at the list. And I'm like, y'all short ankle escape.
Alyse: Oh my god. Oh yeah, you guys that's that's fear that's like one of those are you like crippled fear, like you are like debilitated like you're like can't even move to save your life.
Alyse: You get like that.
Richelle Direny: Well, no, no, I don't think so, because one time.
Richelle Direny: A kid I rewarded him. He wanted. I think it was a beard it. No, it was, it was a different
Richelle Direny: Type of lizard are rewarded him with it.
Richelle Direny: And we bought it. We bought the lizard, and he was sitting next to me and he's talking to me and he was a really
Alyse: Typical kids work with
Richelle Direny: But that's how I kind of connected with him.
Richelle Direny: And the whole time he had. I was like, you got to keep that thing in the box. It's a car. Nothing escapes because I'm gonna put you and this was in the car.
Alyse: Oh my god.
Alyse: Oh that's hilarious.
Richelle Direny: Fear, but I was just like, Listen, I'm watching you and this room. So you been not made that lizard escape back that box.
Alyse: I know. I mean, it's funny. It's like every time I see them yet go or a lizard or something. I'm thinking, Michelle and her like beer of little amphibians or whatever they are reptiles.
Richelle Direny: Whatever they are just keep them from me. That's all I say
Alyse: Oh my god, I love it.
Richelle Direny: All right, that I will see you next
Richelle Direny: Thursday Elise
Alyse: Know next Friday. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Nice.
Girl.
Richelle Direny: I'll send you the reminder. I see the reminder. Oh.
Alyse: Thank you. I appreciate you today.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.
Alyse: Bye bye.